So, for example, at one point I argued that I wanted to compete, uh,
in the octogenarian under 120 pound category
in, uh, judo, because you identify first because I identify 80,
20 pound and also I'm trans gravity. I, I, I set my weight at, you know,
whatever my weight is, therefore yes. And then,
cause I can change my identity on a daily basis cuz Harvard university taught us
that, uh, I'm later going to fight in the under 80 year old category.
Hold on. Harvard allows you to change it on a daily.
Basis. Harvard university came out,
that's actually discussed this in my Canadian Senate testimony,
Harvard university's LGBTQ, uh,
a plus plus star double star, infinite to the hashtag mesen prime.
Exactly. They came out, uh,
with a pamphlet that said not only can we change, you know, our, our,
our gender identity, but it can fluctuate on a daily basis.
Right. So I could be, he, she Zeer Monday, Tuesday day, Wednesday. Right?
And so I took this idea and I said, well, I, I identify as an 80 year old,
under 120 pound Monday, but then I'm going to fight in the Jule competition.
I use Judah because my brother was an Olympian and Jule,
as I think we might have discussed. Yeah.
I'm going to fight in the under eight category on Tuesday because I
self-identify on Tuesday as being a child. Now it sounds satirical and insane.
A Dutch gentleman who's 69 years old. Did you know this case? Yeah, I did.
<laugh> that's trans.
Ageism. He,
he decided that he identifies with someone 20 years younger and he wants to use
it on dating apps. Ly wants to.
Change his birth. And then that would change his pension thing, whatever it was.
I so, so I mean where then,
then I introduce a new term and then that proved to be prophetically satirical.
Uh, I coined a new, uh, condition called transgenderism by proxy.
So, so if, if, if, if you're watching now enjoy this, uh,
if Joe and God have sex,
if I self-identify you as a woman,
then I'm engaging in heterosexual sex. So it's not about me.
You be self-identify me. Yeah.
I, I, I, you.
Can change my identity based on your own interpretations of me.
Exactly. So it's not, it's not that my self-identity changes into woman. The,
the guy that I'm having sex with, I self-identify as a female. Well,
a few weeks, maybe not even a few weeks later,
some trans activist on Twitter came out and said, you disgusting.
Transphobes just because you have a excuse, the term,
a Dick in your mouth doesn't mean that that's a Dick.
If it's a woman and I call this trans, uh, uh, kind Lingus,
wait a minute.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. It doesn't mean it's a Dick.
If that person it's a womanize as a woman.
So just because you have a Dick in your mouth,
it doesn't mean it's a Dick because that's a woman. You are.
Giving sex to a woman. Do you know? Yeah. So there's a nine inch penis in your,
in your thing, but it's a vagina.
Yale put, they put tampons in the men's room. Yes, sir. Of course.
I know they said that not only women. Of course I do.
That's men's that's my daily life. That's called Tuesday for me, man.
I have a hard time getting that out because I'm like what women?
Aren't the only ones who men's straight. What? Yes they are. Yes they are. God.
Boys can have periods too children to be taught the latest victory for trans.
There you go. I love how they say that. The latest victory's right.
Latest victory for who wrote that story? Who wrote that? Vox?
Who Helena, Hey Helena, off. That's not a victory.
That's no nonsense. That is God nonsense. But.
Can I tell you what? It's.
Not victory. That's crazy. Kids.
Kids don't know if you want to tell kids that sometimes people are
born in the wrong bodies. That seems to be true.
There seems to be real evidence to that in terms of the way the brain works.
Sure. I mean, you, if you want to call it,
the problem is distinguishing it from
normalcy in a way that makes it look inferior. Right? Right.
Isn't that the real problem. So if someone has this condition,
they shouldn't feel inferior.
And you shouldn't be bigoted towards them and they shouldn't live being exposed
to any discrimination. Right.
But we shouldn't change our understanding of reality to celebrate your unique
personhood. Exactly. And incidentally, one,
one of the things I talk about in the book, all of these idea pathogens,
I argue some of them come from really noble places. I think so as well. Yeah.
So let's cover a few of these. So for example, the empty slate, premise,
tabula Raza,
we're born with mm-hmm <affirmative> is a profoundly idiotic position,
but it really stems from the noble hopeful position that if we're all born with
equal potentiality, we could all reach the same end trajectory, right?
If only the environment were conducive for us being top athletes,
top scientists, top mathematicians, then we would've reached it.
There is nothing inherently at the start at T equals zero that differentiates
any of us. Now that's in insanely stupid and wrong, but it is a hopeful message.
Now extend this to other contexts, right? Uh,
it shouldn't be that you are defined by your biological sex.
You could change it in any way you want. That sounds very liberating. Right? Mm.
So I think a lot of the, these idea pathogens, what I call these,
these parasitic ideas really come from a notion of trying to liberate
people from otherwise. They're the shackles of reality.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so it's insane. Yeah. It's a form of,
of delusional thinking, but that is rooted.
It's Genesis comes from a good place.
I, I couldn't agree with that more.
And gender dysphoria used to be considered, uh,
used to be considered a mental disorder. Right. But isn't it.
Right? Well listen, but, but what is it? Okay. But let's be honest if it's not,
if it's, is it a physical disorder? What is.
It? I'll put it in a very okay. Charitable politically correct way.
It's certainly not part of the default value of human expressions.
Do you see what I'm saying? Yes. Male and female is the default values.
We are a sexually dimorphic species now for all sorts of reasons.
Genetic developmental reasons. When the brain is getting typed in utero,
things can happen that alter those default values.
Now you come out with gender dysphoria, you shouldn't be discriminated against,
you should be treated with complete respect. You should be free of bigotry.
Agreed. That doesn't mean that there is a spectrum of possibility of
which that one is one of the default values. It simply isn't,
it's wrong to argue that,
but in the same way that feminists like to argue that there are no innate sex
differences because that they think would help alter the sexist status quo.
This is what's happening with trans activism.
That's why they are consequential when it comes to truth, screw true truth,
screw reality,
screw biological common sense in the pursuit of
freeing the world of bigotry,
you should be able to free the world of bigotry without constantly attacking
truth.
Well, and here's the other question. If it is not,
this is what I was getting at. If it is, if, if it's not a, a mental disorder,
what is, is it a physical disorder? Is it a disorder at all?
And if it's not a disorder, why must it be treated medically?
Why must there be gender reassignment surgery?
Why must there be exogenous hormones introduced into the body?
Why is all that happening?
It rhetorical question or, or you're asking.
Me to, just to them. I mean, it's kind of rhetorical. There's no one here,
but if it's not a disorder,
then why are these gender reassignment physicians here? Right. If you,
if you don't have to have a sex change to be a woman,
if you're a woman with a big Dick and broad shoulders and a big, hairy chest,
but you're a woman, right. Well,
what is the need for the doctor then if you're already a woman,
if we decided that you're a woman,
so you just wanna change your appearance to outwardly match
how you feel inwardly. Well, exactly. It seems a disorder.
There. Well, right there, I, I wonder I'm not sure. So I don't wanna misspeak,
but I wonder if,
I think in the DSM five gender dysphoria is listed as a condition. Is that,
is that correct?
It is listed as a condition, but it's not accepted by that in,
in terms of like public perception. Right.
And certainly in terms of trans activists or L B G T activists
or anybody who talks about these things in a progressive way, that is a taboo,
right?
Like the actual medical nomenclature that's used to describe those conditions is
taboo. Well.
There's, I don't know if you heard about this case.
There was a physician research scientist at brown university who
published a paper, very serious data, scientific data.
I think her name is Lisa li or lip. I can't remember her name. Uh,
it was published, I think in, uh, plus one, you know,
very serious scientific journal where she looked at the social contagion.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Mm-hmm <affirmative> do you know of, uh,
sort of transgenderism? How, if, you know, there definitely seems to be, well,
well,
literally that a social contagion effect mm-hmm <affirmative> now that paper was
published, brown had, uh, advertised it, uh,
it was published in a top peer review journal. Well,
the trans activist came after that paper and brown decided
to at least pull it off of its sort of promotional platform. Yeah. Uh,
I reached out actually to, to at think her name is Lisa to get her on the show.
But as you might imagine, she was a bit tepid. Yeah.
She's probably shell shocked. She's shell shocked.
And so I'm not sure if she'll come, but again,
here's a serious person who probably is a, is liberal mm-hmm <affirmative>,
she's a,
she's a physician who deals with these issues who is simply talking about the
fact that there's definitely a social Contagent effect that is taking place.
She's a not.